# Vagrant vs. Other Software
[TOC]

## Vagrant vs. CLI Tools

Virtualization software like VirtualBox and VMware come with command line
utilities for managing the lifecycle of machines on their platform. Many
people make use of these utilities to write their own automation. Vagrant
actually uses many of these utilities internally.

The difference between these CLI tools and Vagrant is that Vagrant builds
on top of these utilities in a number of ways while still providing a
consistent workflow. Vagrant supports multiple synced folder types, multiple
provisioners to setup the machine, automatic SSH setup, creating HTTP tunnels
into your development environment, and more. All of these can be configured
using a single simple configuration file.

Vagrant still has a number of improvements over manual scripting even if you
ignore all the higher-level features Vagrant provides. The command-line
utilities provided by virtualization software often change each version
or have subtle bugs with workarounds. Vagrant automatically detects the
version, uses the correct flags, and can work around known issues. So if
you're using one version of VirtualBox and a co-worker is using a different
version, Vagrant will still work consistently.

For highly-specific workflows that don't change often, it can still be
beneficial to maintain custom scripts. Vagrant is targeted at building
development environments but some advanced users still use the CLI tools
underneath to do other manual things.

## 【译】Vagrant vs CLI 工具



## Vagrant vs. Docker

Vagrant is a tool focused on providing a consistent development environment
workflow across multiple operating systems. Docker is a container management
that can consistently run software as long as a containerization system exists.

Containers are generally more lightweight than virtual machines, so starting
and stopping containers is extremely fast. Docker uses the native
containerization functionality on macOS, Linux, and Windows.


Currently, Docker lacks support for certain operating systems (such as
BSD). If your target deployment is one of these operating systems,
Docker will not provide the same production parity as a tool like Vagrant.
Vagrant will allow you to run a Windows development environment on Mac or Linux,
as well.

For microservice heavy environments, Docker can be attractive because you
can easily start a single Docker VM and start many containers above that
very quickly. This is a good use case for Docker. Vagrant can do this as well
with the Docker provider. A primary benefit for Vagrant is a consistent workflow
but there are many cases where a pure-Docker workflow does make sense.

Both Vagrant and Docker have a vast library of community-contributed "images"
or "boxes" to choose from.

## 【译】Vagrant VS Docker


